This will hold all meeting notes. The will be logged by date in reverse order and can serve as a launch page to other wiki pages. 
<p><strong>DATE: 11/8/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 6:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff, Kyle, Mike</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Polish lab2.</strong></p>
<p>Did final testing on lab1 and 2. Went over documentation to do list. Discussed goals and tasks for lab 3 and 4.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 11/5/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 1:00</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Coding session for lab 1 and 2.</strong></p>
<p>Coded as a group.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 11/4/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 4:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Coding session for lab 1 and 2.</strong></p>
<p>Coded as a group.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 11/3/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 1:00 and 6:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Coding session for lab 1 and 2.</strong></p>
<p>Coded as a group.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 11/2/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 3:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Coding session for lab 1 and 2.</strong></p>
<p>Coded as a group.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 11/1/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 6:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Coding session for lab 1 and 2.</strong></p>
<p>Coded as a group.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 10/29/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 1:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Austin, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Correct Parser and other code for lab 1 and 2</strong></p>
<p>Starting from scratch, recoded the parser.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 10/22/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 4:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Mike, Austin, Kyle, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Parser interface, Goals for Lab2, Midterm.</strong></p>
<p>Mike presented his parser interface. Everything looks good. At the end of the weekend we will determine How to proceed based on his progress. Jeff cleaned up the dropbox folder for it makes more sense. Aaron will make a google doc to assist in studying for the midterm. The sutdy guide should be edited by everyone during their studying. It was determined that the we will focus on the midterm over the weekend. Lab1 should not need anymore interfaces but should require just more augmentation of code.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 10/20/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 6:00</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Mike, Austin, Kyle, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Live grading of lab1, discussion of meeting for Friday.</strong></p>
<p>Friday we wil discuss the following: Parser interface that Mike will have completed. The  study guide, and weak spots in our info. Write/discuss all future interfaces for lab2.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 10/18/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 6:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Mike, Austin, Kyle, Aaron, Jeff</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Final actions for Lab1, plan for lab2, revise roles and tasks.</strong></p>
<p>Tonight Mike will make final corrections to the parser and the main. Austin will publish a test plan for tomorrow with examples and assigned what will be tested by every team member. Kyle will finish User documentation tomorrow. Aaron will clean up his comments for java doc and put final lab submission together for Jeff to burn on CD. Jeff will put finishing touched on Javadoc.</p><p>The plan for lab2 is that Mike will focus on fixing the parser. Mike, Aaron, Jeff and Austin will work on and write interfaces. Afterward, the classes for those will get assigned by skill level. Kyle is in charge of all documentation plans minus the java doc. Jeff will do all the java doc. Aaron is still in charge code management. Meetings have been set up for 4:30 every Friday.</p>

<p><strong>DATE: 10/15/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 5:00</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Mike, Austin, Kyle, Aaron</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Get status and Updates of our timeline.</strong></p>
<p>Discussed the role/Status of the parser. It is looking good and Mike and Kyle are on track to finish tomorrow. Briefly looked at documentation plan. Kyle needs to get with Jeff to determine who is doing what. There looks to be a miss communication.  Tristans table documentation has been up loaded to the wiki but it is nothing more than a copy and paste job from the class notes. Due to his lack of communication we are moving on as if he is not part of the group. Saturday Kyle will address this with the instructor. Git issues where fixed for all who attended. Now everyone is finally on the same page with git and eclipse. Testing samples will be made by Austin but we are waiting for the parser and the main to be finished. After all the code is done, Aaron will do a pass for code standardization. Aaron will also do a test of all code via the debugger to insure that classes are interacting properly. Next projected meeting time is Sunday.</p>


<p><strong>DATE: 10/13/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 6:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Tristan, Mike, Jeff, Austin, Kyle, Aaron</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Come up with base Documentation and Testing plan. Assigning remaining tasks.</strong></p>
<p> Jeff is in charge the plan and assigning tasks for the documentation plan of the code. His notes can be seen in the wiki. Austin is in charge of the testing plan and assigning tasks for that. Kyle and Tristan are working on the user documentation and coding the main method. Mike and Kyle are finishing up coding the parser.  A pass of the code needs to be done that corrects formatting. </p>



<p><strong>DATE: 10/8/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 4:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Tristan, Mike, Jeff, Austin, Kyle</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Determine all editing left to be done to the interfaces; address team issues.</strong></p>

<p>Established tokenizer-parser relationship</p>
<p>          -  tokenizer will output as ArrayList of Strings, then parsing will be done at each array position</p>
<p>Deadline for parser to be done: 11 October; rest of the code to be done by 10 October.</p>
<p>As a team, we "parsed" our way through each interface. Standing issues thereafter posted in the issues section of GitHub</p>
<p>Next actions:</p>
<p>          - Aaron, Austin, and Jeff: update interfaces and code implementations for those interfaces</p>
<p>          - Mike and Kyle: code implementation for the parser interface.</p>
<p>          - Tristan and Kyle: start coding and typing user's manual and other documentation.</p>
<p>Addressed code management and communication issues with team.</p> 

<p><strong>DATE: 10/5/10 </strong></p>
<p><strong>TIME: 5:30</strong></p>
<p><strong>ATTENDANCE: Tristan, Mike, Jeff, Aaron</strong></p>
<p><strong>AGENDA: Determine all interfaces that need to be coded.</strong></p>

<p>Notes: Determined that the following interfaces will be needed.</strong></p>

<p>add/import/search MOT - Assigned to Aaron</p>
<p>add/import/search error table  - Assigned to Aaron</p>
<p>add/search/output obj of current errors (line of occurrence and error message)  - Assigned to Jeff</p>
<p>add/import/search directives table  - Assigned to Aaron</p>
<p>add/import/search machine ops ie instructions table  - Assigned to Aaron</p>
<p>add/search/output symbol table object - Assigned to Jeff</p>
<p>bin to hex converter for one line of source  - Assigned to Jeff</p>
<p>hex to bin converter for one line of source  - Assigned to Jeff</p>
<p>dec to hex converter for one line of source  - Assigned to  Jeff</p>
<p>create/output user report with errors from incoming source code and found errors entered in  - Assigned to Aaron</p>
<p>counter class for location and program counter - Already in Java</p>

<p>Undetermined</p>
<p>One tokenizer that feed one parser that creates the output files</p>
<p>or</p>
<p>Two tokenizers, one for .data and one for .text, that feed one parser that creates the output files</p>

